Adjust rich_text_area to rich_textarea for Rails 8 compatibility (#2180)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/compatibility.md

> Using `rich_text_area` from ActionText in a ViewComponent will result in this error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Using `rich_textarea` from ActionText in a ViewComponent will result in this error:
```
